Yes, I let out for some reason it seemed to me
that I am still unworthy to attend
here in this theater I'm probably just
scared and no if it is at all
frankly in 2011 Christina Shapran
graduated from the Russian Ballet Academy
vaganova class lyudmila valentina on
Kovalev and went to Moscow musical
Stanislavsky Theater and
Nemirovich-Danchenko
then there was work in the mikhailovsky theater
in Petersburg and finally something happened
what was to happen another 4 years
backwards
Kristina Shapran became ballet soloists
Mariinsky Theater
on her first step on the first
performance with the Mariinsky Theater can be
say only the most positive things
because she came at the end of the past
the season has already done such work as
corsair she danced at the end of the past
season danced giselle she was on
touring with mariinsky theater on stage
Gordon's coven received very high
assessment of british critique christ christ
wrote it as about the future of Mariinsky
theater
as a child I liked to dance us
told that when seashell music and
began to move apart then I went
on sports dance
but I never had a dream
be im observation cristina and today
continues to be a fragile girl
which is needed support and protection and
and giselle in the first act looks at the world
trustingly wide eyes of the child
unable to survive the betrayal and in
overnight grow and I
I develop this quality of a fighter
i am actually very soft me easy
to hurt
but
falling legal defeat gonna be in
hands go on
and by the way if they were not there would be
much harder and sometimes they are needed for
shake up life happens to me
so long ago it must be someone else
just less is not someone a little more
Kristina recently debuted in ballet
park preorder
later we danced with us recently
touring in brazil i have his hands
all feel calm clean
emotionally I like bones
how does he feel the fairy dance at rehearsals
he on some items some things not
prompted she knows this ballet and
some things he feels emotionally
and can convey it very cool
he
at
In principle, there are no complicated ones.
technical elements something like there y
some hotels do not know about the skokov on
one foot is very important to pass
emotions
but
I want all of any experiment
I don't want to dwell on one thing for me
it seems when an artist is diverse it
great because the ballerina is short
Naturally, almost all at once you understand
what is wrong you must pass
through all
Kristina Shapran is a ballerina
which is intriguing because she has
tremendous opportunities tremendous makings and
what she especially attracts me not
only its exterior is amazing
harmonious texture beauty line
Beauty face on beautiful and perfect
it is a huge proportion in which she
depth, and even this is a deep and
sometimes it bothers her on stage and in general they have
rare type extremely nervous some
organizations are exacerbated this is a rare type
very valuable and very fragile
as a particularly cherish a theater with
it works to select the repertoire at all
would like to wish to dance more
Here I am watching as if with a huge
pleasure of course i am not a man
who lives inside the ballet but with
great pleasure how is mastering
western repertoire and in ballet well
what is modern ballet well for example
opera we have so very few singers
who will come tenor and say i want
singing a player i will disappoint ballet all
on the contrary, I will say why here is a classic
requires the perfect
and perfect performance the slightest
deviations from the norm, and this is a marriage
modern
you are free you can die like that
Can more than you can lower it
approximate, I understand you, but there is
ethics so they relax model